adding automountServiceAccountToken to helm chart (#3031)
nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress: deployments/helm-chart/README.md

`controller.wildcardTLS.cert` | The base64-encoded TLS certificate for every Ingress/VirtualServer host that has TLS enabled but no secret specified. If the parameter is not set, for such Ingress/VirtualServer hosts NGINX will break any attempt to establish a TLS connection. | None
`controller.wildcardTLS.key` | The base64-encoded TLS key for every Ingress/VirtualServer host that has TLS enabled but no secret specified. If the parameter is not set, for such Ingress/VirtualServer hosts NGINX will break any attempt to establish a TLS connection. | None
`controller.wildcardTLS.secret` | The secret with a TLS certificate and key for every Ingress/VirtualServer host that has TLS enabled but no secret specified. The value must follow the following format: `<namespace>/<name>`. Used as an alternative to specifying a certificate and key using `controller.wildcardTLS.cert` and `controller.wildcardTLS.key` parameters. | None

> `controller.automountServiceAccountToken` | Setting for automountServiceAccountToken for NGINX Ingress. | true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`controller.automountServiceAccountToken` | The toggle for automountServiceAccountToken for the Ingress Controller. | true
```
